Request For Employment

This repo contains a project that I built for applying to a role here at Cline. The original idea for this was, looking back, completely delusional in scope. I had set out to create the "IDE 2.0" prototype -- basically, an alternative editor UX that would use diagrams (generated by Claude) as the main representation of source code instead of .. well, source code. The chain of ideas floating in my head looked something like this:

1. There exists an abstraction *above* source code that is now viable as the main representation for source code because with coding agents, line-by-line understanding of the code is no longer nessescary (with caveats)
2. This abstraction is *diagrams generated by Claude Code* because:
a) It replaces reading text with spatial relationships, which are just more intuitive
b) It can represent and/or hide arbitrary amounts of detail
c) It can do this at a very high spatial density because ascii is layout-free, free-hand coordinate system (as opposed to Mermaid)
3. A mapping from source code lines -> diagram elements will allow canvas operations (single select, rect select) to select context for coding agents (similar to highlight -> CTRL+K). This enabled code context to be selected directly from diagrams
4. Converting ascii -> SVG with a LLM works pretty well (with caveats)
5. SVG can be used to build a web-based programmatic interface
6. If I build this, I will have invented a new mode  (and get hired at Cline!)

So after spending a week to build out the web-based interface, I started dogfooding on some refactoring tasks. And my initial exuberance was quickly disabused. There were several problems:
a) The best alternative to understanding code while working with agents turn out to be doing Q/A with the agents, invalidating 2
b) To do programming over diagrams, they need to be updated quickly

And part way through building this, I realized that it would be so much better as an IDE extension. Because the useful part wasnt the replacing code part. It was using diagrams as almost an index into the codebase.

So there are two projects in this folder:
- the original SVG diagram application is built into kanban; simply build the kanban binary from this folder, run it here, then find go to: kanban?view=diagram&path=ascii3%2F04-overlayer-and-scene.html
- the extension lives in extensions/diagfren

I actually found the ascii diagram experience with extension pretty useful. There are a set docs generated for kanban in docs/kanban. Jumping around the links on the diagrams feel pretty good, and it fits well into the IDE flow, benefitting from built-in features such as alt + back/forward to traverse the historical positions buffer, or string search (since diagram is all ascii). 

I would also like to still use this in my application for a sales role at Cline. For a long time I had wanted to pursue a career as a software engineer but .. I just don't think that my personality is cut out for it. The obssessive-compulsive attention for detail is just too low-level to get my dopamine system fired up. My preferred problem shape operates in higher (not nessecarily less complex) levels of abstraction, with fuzzier boundaries than the well-delineated systems that software deals with. I think I prefer to deal with people rather than bits 

Which is why I think the role and structure of sales is a good fit for me and my skillset. On one hand, I have the technical know-how to really understand the product (and the technical vocabulary + mental model to interrogate the engineers for answers). This translates into a further advantage when considering the potential for writing custom code in a modern sales team, enabled by AI. On the other hand, I have a very keen competitive instinct. In lieu of any producible evidence to demonstrate this, I will note that I regularly (not professionally) box. I think there are many parallels that could be drawn between the sweet science and sales. Both require a willingness to put yourself out there to be hurt. Both require the capacity for conflict, but controlled and on your terms. Both teaches you that fear is a gradient to success and glory ..! 

Anyways. That is about as far as my knowledge of modern sales go. Please consider me for this role.

John
